# March 9th, 2023

Hosted a workshop using these notes.

Generally, people understood it, but weren't super confident trying things on their own. Understandable.

Approaching Python as just another language is effective.

But, there's still disconnect about how people understand how Python interpreter does things.
I think it's fine to ignore for now, but in the notes I can put asides

## Things I should change, add, emphasize, etc

- People would add more spaces than necessary (but the interpreter doesn't care)
- People wouldn't tab-ident their code, instead preferring to keep sentences on one line like

```python
if this : do_something
else that : do_something_else
```

which doesn't throw an error, so ppl only wrote differently when I pointed out coding style

People wrote everything in one file, line by line. It never occurred to me to do that.
I would have split things up into separate files, and I will encourage people to do so next time.

Initially, I assumed that once people understood basics, we could jump into bigger examples.
I am now completely re-evaluating, and will add **very small**, but interesting examples that are connected together.

Something like:

Scenario: You have a list of names in a text file.


1. Open a file of names, then save a new text file with the names sorted alphabetically
2. Then you realize you want to know how many names there are, grouped by alphabet


- People got a bit confused by the `enumerate` example. I need to break that down into steps.
- People were excited by if/else. We should get to that before loops
- People wanted to know how to make programs interactive. I should introduce `input` earlier
- People want to have an idea of how Python can be used to do things, and what exactly you can use it for (understandable)
- People want to know the resources I use, and where to go from here
- Some ppl didn't understand understand how to interact with the program after writing `input`

Interesting questions:

- What's different between Python and HTML? They're both computer languages, no?
- What's the largest number you can use in Python?
- Why do we use a particular order of words for `<variable> in enumerate(<list>)`, instead of `enumerate in <list>`
- Why empty round brackets in `"apple".upper()`
